Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
- Can I get some help. please?
- Can you hear me?
Ma'am?
Opening airway.
Look. listen. and feel
for 10 seconds.
One. two. three...
...four. five--
Okay.
Let's turn her on my count.
Two. three. Okay.
You with us?
Nod if you're with me.
This is gonna help you breathe.
- Focus. please...
- Four units...
Eyes on me. Mama. Eyes on me.
Your baby's gonna be fine.
I promise you.
What about me?
- What was that. Mama?
- What about me?
Pressure. Come on. Let's go.
Suction. I've got it.
Need hands over here.
The baby's not breathing.
- Okay. Okay.
I can't see.
She's seizing again.
Can I get some help here?
♪ Do you
♪ Do you wanna go home?
♪ Go home now
♪ Do you
♪ Do you wanna go
♪ Go home
♪ Now
♪ Do you
- Your phone is ringing.
Scott. ask... right now.
Where are you?
I'm gonna ask.
I'm asking right now.
Uh. Rose?
I've asked you to put
your phone on silent.
It's just set for emergencies.
So. I have an emergency.
Th-There was an incident
at Bradley's school.
He bit a kid.
Can I ask a favor?
I can't stay late.
I have plans.
- Rose. I need to leave.
- Where is your wife?
She's already at the school.
- Then why do you need to leave?
- Excuse me?
If she's already there.
you don't need to leave.
You're choosing to.
Yeah. I'll be done
in about an hour.
I'll be there as soon as I can.
Hello? Honey?
Hello?
- Hmm?
Why don't you just lie down
in the lounge?
'Cause the floor's softer here.
It's unsanitary.
Come on. let's go.
I'm here for you.
-  Oh. God.
- I know.
- Yeah.
- I'm so tired.
- Mm.
How come you don't look tired?
Okay. Alright. checking.
- Mommy!
- Okay.
Hey. baby! Wa-pa!
What's happening?
- Kiss on the lips.
Mwah!
So. how was your day?
We played
"What Time Is It. Mr. Fox?"
- You did?
- We made flowers.
We sang "Open Shut Them."
I made candy necklaces.
I peed.
And I played L.O.L.s.
And I read a book.
It was about spiders.
- Oh. yeah?
- And Anansi was a spider.
- Oh. was she now?
That's good.
You miss this?
I miss the little voices.
This is gonna take a minute.
Yeah? Okay.
I'll see you tomorrow.
- All right.
- Bye. "Lee-lee."
Bye!
So. Anansi was a spider.
How about this apple
that you did not eat. huh?
- Can we get a spider?
- Aren't spiders scary?
- No. they're crawly.
- Oh. yeah?
What? How? Crawly how?
Like that?
And like this? And like this?
And like this?
And like-- Ohh! Ohh!
Lee-Lee!
Hands to yourself.
- I like her dress.
I'm so sorry. ma'am.
Come on.
- Mommy?
- Yes. baby?
- Can I tell you a secret?
- Of course.
I'm not getting
enough attention.
I'll have the Cobb salad.
no bacon. no chicken.
And no egg.
I would have eaten your bacon.
You shouldn't.
Why not?
I would guess you have
a buildup of plaque
in your systemic arteries.
Right.
Hey.
Come here.
I'd like to masturbate you
in the bathroom.
I-I don't have any money.
- I told you not to look.
- Oh. sorry.
Ahh. Ahh.
What is that?
- A sex toy.
Don't look or I'll stop.
- Okay. O--
Wow!
Give me your hand.
- Ow! What the hell?
Have a good night.
What--
♪ The morning sky
♪ So clear. red and blue
♪ The sun hit us
without warning ♪
♪ So all the night people
don't know what to do ♪
♪ Oh. I am going there
♪ Can't never find my way
♪ There's all these glances
flying around ♪
♪ Some look tired
♪ But some look really old
♪ Please give me a second face
♪ A second grace
♪ Please give me
a second grace ♪
Ugh. Mnh.
Five more minutes.
Just five more minutes.
Oh. shit.
Time to get up.
- No.
- Up. Lilita. up.
- I don't feel good.
- I heard that one before.
Levántate. Come on.
You got five minutes.
Shit.
Okay. okay. okay. okay.
Pauline? It's Celie.
Could you take her today. please?
I'm so sorry.
but she's not feeling good.
Oh. of course. sweetie.
Come here.
- No. no. no.
- Come on. Lila.
It's Pauline. Baby. please.
I-- I'm so late.
I got to go.
Lila! Stop!
Come on.
- Unh-unh.
Alright.
If you're gonna be like that.
then I'm just gonna go.
No! No!
No. no. no!
- Going down.
- I'm at work. mamita.
I can't talk.
I know. sweetie. pero--
Why are we going down?
Pauline's gonna take
great care of you.
Sweetie?
Sweetie. can you hear me?
I'm in the elevator.
I'm losing you.
- Alright.
And five. four. three. two. one.
Good job. Mama.
You're doing so good.
Hold on. I'm gonna do
the episiotomy now.
What? No. no. please.
I didn't even get
a chance to try.
Please don't cut me.
Her heart rate's stable.
Maybe we can give Mom
a chance to do it on her own.
- Please.
- Alright. let's go.
- Alright.
- Okay.
Just think of it
like taking a big shit.
Ready? And five. four.
three two. one.
Well. what did she eat?
Okay.
Um. let me talk to her.
Well. put her on 'cause
I'm gonna be on the floor
for the next couple of hours
and I want to say good night.
Pauline? Pauline?
Pauline. you're cutting--
Hey. Caroline's trying to feed.
She's asking for you.
One minute.
Pauline. I'm sorry.
I got to go.
Thank you. You're a saint.
Pauline? Lila?
Pathology.
It's coded for the OCME.
- She's an organ donor?
- Yeah.
The sheet's there on top.
Maybe she can help
another kid out there.
She can't. She died
of bacterial meningitis.
That's why she's coded
for the OCME.
I wonder if brain death
preceded organ failure.
I really wouldn't know.
You can leave now.
You'll need to take this
twice a day
for the next two days.
- What is it?
- It's antibiotics.
If you've contracted anything
from being with her today.
this will take care of it 100%.
It's important
you both take this.
I know this is a lot.
Can you make sure
she got everything I said?
- Mija--
- I heard her.
You want me to call someone?
You can go home now.
I'm not leaving you.
Get the fuck out of my face. Pauline.
That's perfectly appropriate.
That's what's hot this season.
What do you have
to say about the workplace?
Bikini tops in the workplace?
Absolutely.
- Hey!
You're not allowed in here.
I'm sorry.
If you have a records request.
you need to file it
through admin.
I need to see my daughter.
Meningitis?
Lila Morales. Is she there?
She was sent to the medical
examiner an hour ago.
Would you like their number?
Hmm.
You can try them. but they're
usually closed on weekends.
Is there anything else
I can help you with?
No.
Hey.
Can I join you?
Any other cases in the daycare?
No. not that I heard.
My phone died.
I could have used the hospital
phone to check in. but...
I don't know.
Maybe I liked it.
Like a little vacation.
This is not your fault.
She was gone before I got here.
I didn't get to see her.
Let me take you home.
Celie.
We're here.
You've reached the office
of the
Bronx County Medical Examiner.
Our office is currently closed.
If you'd like to leave
a message. please--
It's me. We're in the ICU.
Sweetie. we're in a taxicab
heading to the hosp--
Hey. I'm so sorry
to bother you.
but Lila's getting sicker.
I'm not sure--
Hey. Mami. your baby's here.
and she wanted to talk to you.
Come here.
Say hi to Mommy's machine.
- Mommy.
- She's not there.
Leave a message.
- I slept a lot.
and I had a dream
about a swamp.
What else?
Your daughter's name?
Lila Morales.
Date of birth?
August 9. 2015.
Are you the sole
custodial parent?
I'm sorry?
Your daughter's father--
is he...?
I had IVF. It's just us.
Okay. that's it.
Um. it'll take a minute.
It's just loading.
- What is it?
This is saying...
she's not here.
- Excuse me?
- Hang on a minute.
Do you remember a little girl
who passed away last Friday?
You spoke with the mother.
What's the issue?
They say they don't have her.
- Yeah. Not great.
And I'm trying to figure out
what to tell the mother.
She's in my office.
Trying to come up with something
more comforting than.
"The city of New York has
temporarily lost your daughter."
Uh. well. you can tell her
their record keeping is a mess.
Last year. they accidentally
cremated that Polish woman.
Thanks. I got it.
Ms. Morales. I promise you
we're doing everything we can.
No. no. I am not leaving here
until I talk to somebody
who can tell me
where my fucking daughter is!
I cannot imagine
how upsetting this must be.
- I want to talk to that woman.
- I'm sorry? Which woman?
The one who saw Lila.
Dr. Casper.
Well. I'm happy--
I want to talk to her now!
I'm sorry.
She was just in here.
Hey!
Hey. hold on a minute!
Hold on a minute.
I want to talk to you.
Hold on.
It'll only take a second.
Please?
Dr. Casper?
- Who are you?
You don't know?
You ran away from me
the other day.
There's a complete chain
of custody for the entire time
your daughter was
in the hospital's care.
Look. things got fucked up.
I'm not gonna sue.
I don't want any trouble.
I just need to know
what happened.
I ca-- I can't.
- Can't what?
- I-- I can't help you.
I need to get inside.
- I'd like to come in.
I don't think
that's appropriate.
Excuse me. please.
- What's in there?
Will you let me into my house?!
Okay. Okay.
Ow!
I can explain.
And if you'll just--
Don't you fucking touch her!
I have to examine her.
or she'll die.
She's alive.
This cannula's been kinking
every time she shifts.
She's alive?
Yes. I told you that.
But... how is this possible?
Your daughter's genetic profile
made her a perfect candidate
for an experimental treatment
I've been working on.
For meningitis?
For death.
What was that?
That's Muriel.
She died two months ago.
Is that what you're feeding
Lila?
This serum was derived
from fetal pigs.
but the-- the principles
are the same.
It triggers cell regeneration.
Well. what about brain
and personality?
I didn't know her
before she died.
And she's a pig.
I'm talking about Lila.
Her primitive cranial nerve
reflexes are intact.
So she could wake up.
Theoretically. yes.
But there are
ethical considerations.
If Muriel had woken up
in pain or distress.
I would have put her down.
But she didn't.
No.
Ms. Morales.
this experiment
is bigger than your daughter--
or you or me.
Y-You made her an organ donor.
which I really admire.
My daughter
is not an experiment.
This line--
how long has it been kinking?
Uh. every time she shifts.
Well. it's too short.
It needs an extension.
How often do you turn her?
Every few hours when I'm here.
I-I'm not able to be here
all the time.
She can't be left alone ever.
Do you have a pull-out?
I have a futon.
Looking good for 10 weeks.
Strong heartbeat.
Everything's where it should be.
Mom's in great shape. too.
for her age.
What's your secret?
Is that the placenta?
That is. Good eye.
Would you like a printout?
No.
How are you feeling?
Are you experiencing
any discomfort?
Nausea. some vomiting.
Nothing unusual.
You've been pregnant before?
Yes.
Are we done?
- Uh. yeah. we're all set.
You can get changed.
and the doctor will be
right with you.
Oh. I'll just give you
some privacy.
I'm home!
She was smiling today.
It's a primitive reflex.
I know. but it's a good sign.
How was work?
I found an undigested spoon
inside a man's stomach.
Come here.
Come on. Sit.
Oh. yes! Good.
How long have you been
doing that?
A few days.
She's a fast learner.
I saw this video online.
It said only the smartest
little piggies could do it.
How many of those
have you given her total?
Uhh... a few handfuls?
A handful isn't a unit
of measurement.
She's on a specific diet.
If you alter it in any way.
I need to know.
- I'm sorry.
- It's fine.
Just... record it.
Are you working out there?
I was planning to.
Well. she's been gassy.
so you'll have to turn her
over a few times.
I'll be back after 8:00
with everything on the list.
There's salad in the fridge.
Sit.
♪ Walking on tiptoes
♪ Crunching on the leaves
♪ Prophetic
♪ Then a little girl smiling
♪ In the balance of chaos
♪ Wandering on the pathways
- ♪ Of her unconscious age
♪ She can never
deny her nature ♪
♪ Barefoot and restless
♪ In the days of metamorphosis
♪ She used to run away
from home ♪
♪ At the first quarter moon
♪ Walking on tiptoes
♪ Crunching on the leaves
- Get it on the schedule.
- Okay.
Sounds good. Doctor.
- Celie.
- Hey.
I-I didn't know you were back.
Yeah. I'm just heading out now.
You working overnights?
Bouncing around.
Mostly prenatal admin stuff.
Did you get my calls?
- I'm sorry.
- No.
I-I just wanted to make
sure you have people around.
I'm doing okay.
I didn't hear anything
about a service.
There wasn't a service.
But you'll have one.
We're not religious.
Oh. Okay.
It's really nice to see you.
Take care.
Hello?
I'm home!
Hello?!
Did you get everything?
Yes.
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
ECMO port capped.
Turning off ventilator.
Okay. here we go.
She's not breathing.
Just wait.
Oh!
- What is this?
- I made soup.
It smells like meat.
Mine is chicken and rice.
Yours is celery and nothing.
This is a miracle.
Please don't use that word.
- Sorry?
- There's nothing supernatural
or fantastical about it.
This is good science
and hard work over time.
I only meant that--
I understand
the colloquialism.
How long have you
been working on this?
It's hard to say.
I-- I suppose
since I was quite young.
About 6. maybe 7?
Second grade?
My mother.
She taught biology.
She would take me
on nature trips.
Discovery expeditions.
When I was 6.
we went to Orchard Beach
and we found a starfish.
Apparently I was
very taken with it.
so we brought it back home.
She laid it out
on butcher paper.
and she told me
to cut off its arm.
I-I spent the whole year
measuring the arm every day.
I'd think my eyes
were playing tricks on me.
but the data showed
that this creature
was fixing itself.
Regenerating.
Later at school.
I tried to amputate
the leg of the class hamster.
- It wasn't funny.
No. no. I know.
The animal squealed.
then bled out.
It was awful.
Where is she now? Your mom?
She died.
Of Parkinson's.
I'm sorry.
Thank you for the broth.
Good night.
Hey.
Your mommy forget to feed you?
Come on.
Let's see what we got
for you here.
Hello?
Mm-hmm. Yeah.
That was oncology.
Did you call up the biopsy
results from yesterday?
Yes.
Wait. No.
I-I didn't.
Are you okay?
Why?
You're smiling.
I'll get it done.
I just have to finish
with this oth--
Rose?
Rose.
- ♪ This is deep and peaceful
♪ Wait at the old
I didn't know
you were a doctor.
♪ It makes me feel
I'm looking forward ♪
♪ Telling I am coming home
♪ When I am coming home
Where are you?
You have reached
Dr. Roslyn Casper.
I can't come to the phone
right now.
Leave a message.
This is Rose' phone.
Who am I talking to?
My name is Scott Ward.
I work with Rose.
- Hello. Scott.
- Hi.
Can I talk to Rose. please?
Um. I don't know
how to say this.
There was an incident.
- What happened?
- I'm sorry.
I just don't know
if I should divulge...
We live together.
Oh.
Oh! Right.
It seems like she's gonna be
fine. but Rose collapsed.
She's upstairs in surgery.
If you're coming down here.
I can stay and meet you
at the--
Baby.
Rose?
Hold on a minute.
I'll be right back.
Ms. Casper?
"Doctor."
- Yes.
-"Dr. Casper."
I'm sorry. Dr. Casper.
I'm Dr. Chan.
How long have I been here?
Rose. relax.
An infection developed
in your cervix.
which spread throughout
your reproductive system.
Will I be able to conceive?
Can I still conceive?
Show me my chart.
Where were you?
I was scared shitless.
Rose.
This batch is ruined.
It needed to be centrifuged
12 hours ago.
Where are your clothes?
You woke her up?
She woke up on her own.
Mommy. Mommy.
She shouldn't be awake.
- Rose!
Okay.
Alright.
You're lucky
you only popped three.
You need to stay off your feet
for a few days.
I'll be fine.
Her behavior today.
What did you observe?
Uh. hand movement.
Some eye movement.
She was making sounds.
- Speech?
Mm. not really. just... sounds.
Did she seem to recognize you?
I don't know.
She's regenerating faster
than I expected.
faster than Muriel.
You make that sound
like a bad thing.
We only have enough serum
for a few weeks.
So we'll make more.
You know the serum
comes from fetal tissue. yes?
Yes.
And you know where I get
that fetal tissue?
I think so. yes.
I can't make any more.
Then what?
I don't know yet.
I'll figure something out.
Did you sleep?
Briefly.
Is she due for a fresh bag?
She doesn't need another
transfusion until Saturday.
It is Saturday.
Thank you. Would you...
Can I get you some--
- No.
Ah.
You know. if you let me in.
I might be able to help.
Any time I spend explaining
what I'm doing to you
is time I spend not doing it.
Well. if you'd explained things
to me before.
we might not be
in this situation right now.
What do you want to know?
Well. you need
perinatal tissue. right?
- Mm-hmm.
- Well. what about me?
I mean. I'm her mother.
There's got to be something--
You're not the right
blood type.
Anything from your body
would kill her.
Well. what about placenta
or cord blood?
I can bring them home
from the hospital.
And then what?
Hope for the best?
Any donor would need
to match for blood type.
as well as HLA markers.
You don't understand how rare it
is that I matched with her.
Well. what about
the organ donor registry?
It's a box checked
on a driver's license.
They don't run the full battery
of tests until postmortem.
unless...
What?
Rose. what?!
- Uh...
Watch her propofol drip
while I'm gone.
Make sure she stays sedated.
- Where are you going?
- Work!
- It's Saturday!
♪ Say the words
♪ Help is on the way
♪ We're the Rescue Birds
I need to talk to you.
- What?
- What's that noise?
-"Rescue Birds."
- ♪ Have gone to their homes
♪ Yes
- Why isn't she sedated?
She doesn't need to be.
♪ It's just us animals
on our own ♪
- Celie. I've--
♪ We'll make sure
every animal's okay ♪
♪ They will ask
♪ That's what we do
- Rose. cut it out.
Sorry.
We need to talk.
I crossed the OB intake records
with the national bone marrow
registry. and I found a match.
Emily Parker. O negative.
HLA markers aren't perfect.
but I can work with them.
She's only in her
second trimester.
but we can use
her amniotic fluid.
She had a triple test last week.
I botched the results.
She'll have to come in
for an amnio.
That's awful.
Her actual results are fine.
Yeah. but this woman's gonna be
pulling her hair out all week
thinking something's wrong
with her baby.
Amniocentesis
is a simple procedure.
The risks to mother
and fetus are negligible.
Emily.
What?
The mother's name is Emily.
Okay.
If you have another plan.
I'd love to hear it.
Yes?
- I'm heading out.
She's still down.
but her mash is in the fridge.
Do you have a monitor?
- Yes.
- Okay.
Like I said.
her mash is in the fridge.
If there's anything you need me
to pick up. just call or text.
I'm in the bathroom!
Right. Sorry.
I'll see you tonight.
Good.
And we're done.
That's it. hon.
We're all done.
Yeah. I know. Kev.
So. uh. is there anything
we need to do
or look out for short term?
We'll know the results
in a few weeks.
In the meantime. keep an eye out
for any cramping or spotting.
And. uh. try not to worry
too much.
There's no percentage
in worrying.
Why isn't that coming off?
Is that normal?
It's harmless.
It'll be gone in a few days.
Yeah. It's the dye
from the disinfectant.
It gets absorbed into the skin.
- Where'd you read that?
- On Reddit.
Hon. you know
there's a lot of stuff on there
that's only gonna
make you upset.
- What. like political stuff?
- You know what I mean.
Those forums are
all horror stories.
They make you hysterical.
Hysterical?
I'm-- I'm gonna step out
and get a seltzer.
You want a seltzer. hon?
- Tea.
- Lemon and sugar?
- Yeah.
He means well.
- Make a fist.
Ready?
- Yeah.
As long as you don't use
that big one.
Is this your first?
Um...
We've been trying
for a really long time.
But we've never gotten this far.
How long you been trying?
Three years.
I know. We started late.
I was older than you
when I had mine.
- Oh. yeah?
- Mm-hmm.
Got any pro tips.
from one geriatric preggo
to another?
Wherever you go.
whatever you do.
have a direct route to the
nearest possible toilet.
Construction site porta johns.
diners and office buildings
with unlocked bathrooms.
dumpsters that offer
some discretion.
That sounds dignified.
Dignity and motherhood
don't always line up.
You got a boy or a girl?
Girl.
Little pressure.
She's 6 years old.
Her name is Lila.
Lila.
That's a gorgeous name.
- Mm-hmm.
She turned out okay?
She's perfect.
Hey. hon.
I know you didn't want one.
but I got one just in case.
- Aww. thanks.
Here. Oh.
Celie. we're in here!
Lee-Lee!
It's okay. It's okay.
What's going on. B?
You scared her.
Did you get it?
Yes.
♪ That's what we do
♪ We're the Rescue Birds
Come on. Honey.
Honey. it's apricot.
You love apricot. Come on.
Didn't they sing
that song in the last episode?
They sing it every episode.
- That's inane.
- You have no idea.
Alright. fine. You win.
- ♪ That's what we do
♪ We're the Rescue Birds
How much time does that buy us?
Three. maybe four weeks.
But I'll make sure the
new results are inconclusive.
Her doctor will have
to order another amnio.
She has to come in
for an amniocentesis
every month until--
- Until she reaches term.
Once we have access
to the placenta.
that will get us
through the rest of the year.
- What?
The risk is--
- Negligible. I know.
But you're shoving a 3-inch
needle next to her baby's head.
No human woman is gonna do
that four times.
no matter what the test says.
That... remains to be seen.
Rose!
This is a sedative.
What was that?
I was distracted.
I missed her serum this morning.
Yeah. you still hate this. huh?
What was that. mamata?
♪ Open. shut them
♪ Open. sh--
♪ Give a little clap. clap--
♪ Clap. clap
♪ Open. shut them
♪ Put them in your--
♪ Lap. lap. lap
Yes.
Yes. mamita.
Where's Lila?
And where's Mommy?
Where's Mommy?
Yes. baby. Yes.
Yes. baby.
This is a test
of motor coordination.
ambulatory ability.
third attempt.
This is tape one.
first video record.
Subject-- Muriel Casper.
three days deceased.
This is first attempt.
electrostimulation
of an isolated limb.
That's really moving.
Wow.
Um...
No. Come on.
Let-- Let Mom rest.
Come on.
- Here. Here you go.
Here you go.
Yeah.
You ready?
Oh. I'm an old pro
at this now.
There we go.
And we're done.
Are you sure about that?
That's so rude. I'm sorry.
I do not mean
to take this out on you at all.
It has just been really scary.
I understand.
And... my shit
is green now. too.
So. you didn't
warn me about that.
Hon...
What? We had girl talk.
so we're friends now.
Thank you. Really.
It's no problem.
We'll see you next time.
Uh. actually. I think--
I think this is probably
the last time
that we're gonna see you. so...
What do you mean?
Uh. we've decided to deliver
at Lenox Hill.
I'll bring the car around?
Yeah. Yes. please.
Lenox Hill?
That-- That's in the city.
Don't you live up here?
I-- Yeah. I do.
I just. um--
They-- They have
better amenities there.
and my mom always used to say
"You want to go
to the good hospital.
not the close hospital."
and I really wish
I had listened.
That was shitty.
I'm really sorry.
This has. uh.
nothing to do with you.
I hope you know that.
You've been great. Really.
You're an angel.
I told you this would happen.
How could you let her do this?
Let her? What the fuck
are you talking about?
What was I supposed to do?
Strap her to the fucking bed?
I don't know. Talk to her.
Tell her she's making a mistake.
Don't let her walk out the door.
- She's gone.
This glass is dirty.
Then fucking wash it.
I'm not your cleaning lady.
- This is a setback.
But we still have time.
I'll figure something out.
- You keep saying that.
Because I have! Every time!
With every new variable.
at the expense of my work!
This ad hoc triage I've been
doing-- this isn't science!
No! It's medicine!
But you're not
that kind of doctor. are you?
If I didn't show up.
what would you have done to her?
Cut her open and have her
jumping on the fucking bed?
Yeah. I saw your tapes.
You did that to your own mother.
Was she an organ donor. too?
She-- She was.
Oh. good.
At least you didn't do
anything unethical.
like eat a ham sandwich.
That was unkind.
Don't you walk away from me.
you mad scientist
princess bitch!
I am doing everything I can
to keep her alive!
Is that not enough?!
Mommy. Mommy.
I'll get her. It's my turn.
- No. I got her.
- You look like shit.
Get some sleep.
Hello?
Who is this?
- Ah!
You just go ahead and try!
Whoa! Oh!
Hey. Rose.
Wow.
Were you...
Did you sleep here?
I had some work to catch up on.
Why are you here?
Oh. we're headed
to the Garden. I--
I left my gym bag here.
We're headed in.
So. uh. gonna go see the game.
We'll be out of your hair
in a sec.
What happened to the lady?
Daddy's friend Rose.
She's sick.
Want some chocolate?
Thank you.
Hey. pal. Let's get going.
I'm glad you're feeling better.
You two have fun.
Thanks.
- ♪ Let's go. Rangers
♪ Rangers
Can't you give me a scrub sink?
...and bring the futon
in here. position the...
Rose?
It's her spine.
When Muriel missed her serum.
her organs were
still regenerating.
but her spinal nerves
were shredded.
Her brain couldn't communicate
with the rest of her.
That's what's happening
with Lila.
If I could do it over.
I would double the amount
of serum
perfusing her nervous system.
But if we have enough
matching material.
it might compensate
for the lack of serum.
What does that mean?
Have you ever done
a bone marrow aspiration?
Am I numb?
- Did you feel that?
- No.
You're numb.
Ready?
- Mm.
Here we go.
Ugh!
This is meat.
You're anemic.
I can't have you crashing
on me right now.
I'm not gonna eat this.
I just need to sleep.
You need iron.
I'm gonna get in the shower
and then get to bed.
Are you gonna be alright?
Celie.
I need you to know...
I tried everything.
Get some sleep.
You want to go again?
Let's do it again!
Okay. Okay.
Okay. Be careful.
18 weeks. 5 days since revival.
The subject is now on serum
extracted and grown
from bone marrow.
This substrate is not ideal.
but the change was made
due to a deficit
of matching perinatal material.
Attempts to isolate stem cells
from available tissue samples
have proven unsuccessful.
This has been a test
of motor coordination.
ambulatory ability.
seventh attempt.
It's not working.
We would have seen
some improvement by now.
Alright.
I can take more shifts.
If it's a busy week.
I should be able
to bring home more materials.
- Celie--
You'll go back to looking
at the bone marrow registry
and the intake records.
I can moonlight across town.
- Celie.
- What?
Don't take any more shifts.
Call in.
You're gonna want
to spend time with her now.
Rose?
Rose.
Dr. Casper.
Could I have a word?
Did you sign this report?
- Yes.
- Read it back to me.
Pap tests shows
possible precancerous cells.
I advised a biopsy.
- Of the patient's cervix.
- Yes.
This patient--
Francis Iamelli?
Yes.
Francis Iamelli has a penis.
Yeah.
He just had a weird morning.
I must have attached
the wrong report.
I have been...
dealing with some...
personal issues.
- Would you care to elaborate?
- No.
Look. Rose.
I know
what you're going through.
When I was younger than you.
I lost three pregnancies.
On the fourth one. the doctor
told me to stop trying.
This thing that I always thought
was gonna be
the cornerstone of my life--
I was told
it wasn't gonna happen.
I felt like my body betrayed me.
like I had done everything right
and it didn't matter.
What did you do?
It took time to process.
but I bounced back.
I was young.
You're young.
As you get older.
you realize the point of life.
It isn't just one thing.
What is the point?
Of life?
I think purpose
is a moving target.
But I find joy
in lots of things.
In music. Montauk.
My nieces and nephews.
I read.
And that's enough for you?
Get your shit together. Rose.
I'm not having
this conversation again.
It's okay.
It's okay. I'm here.
Mommy's here.
Everything's gonna be alright.
I promise.
Celie?
One second!
Hello?
- Hi.
It's Celie.
I was your OB nurse.
Yeah. Hi. Hello.
I'm so sorry to bother you.
Can I come in?
Yeah. of-- of course.
Come on in.
Thank you.
You have a beautiful home.
Oh. thanks so much.
Yeah. we have a lot
more room out here.
Is everything okay
with my pregnancy?
Oh. Yes. Yes.
Everything's perfectly fine.
- Jesus.
- Sorry.
I-- I probably should have
led with that.
No. um. we've had complaints
from patients
transferring
about not getting their records.
so I just wanted to make sure
you got a copy.
I know you haven't had
the easiest time with us. so...
Oh.
I really appreciate you
coming all the way out here.
You can get that.
- Oh... it's fine.
Can I offer you something?
Like water or...?
Tea would be nice.
It's weird. It's like
any drunk 12-year-old can do it.
but Kev and I are getting
our PhD in child rearing.
All we have is Irish Breakfast
tea. decaffeinated.
- I'm not choosy.
- Okay.
Ohh.
Are you alright?
- Yeah. Um...
It's gas.
- Ah.
No. no. no. no. It's awful.
Please.
- Let me take over.
You're gonna walk
right into it.
I've walked into worse.
So embarrassing.
Man.
Yeah. so. it hurts when I sit.
and then it hurts
when I [chuckling] stand up.
This little alien parasite
is giving me a run
for my money. I swear.
Lemon and sugar. yeah?
Yeah.
Right.
- Oh. my gosh.
- Hot.
It smells divine.
Thank you.
Alright. come on. come on.
come on.
Come on. I got you.
I got you. Stay with me.
- EMS!
She's right here.
37 years old.
Seven months pregnant.
- Get the board.
You make the call?
- Yeah.
She started seizing
10 minutes ago.
And she's going into labor.
- You're okay. You're okay.
I'm her nurse
at Bronx Memorial.
- What's her name?
- Emily.
Emily. we're gonna take
good care of you. okay?
You're lucky
your friend was here.
- Okay.
Let's turn her on my count.
One. two. three.
Okay.
- You with us?
Nod if you're with me.
Okay. Okay.
This is gonna help you breathe.
Mama. eyes on me. Eyes on me.
Your baby's gonna be fine.
I promise you.
What about me?
What's that. Mama?
Pressure. Come on. Let's go.
Suction. I've got it.
The baby's not breathing.
Let me see.
I need hands over here.
- What's wrong?
- Just belows the ribs.
We're dropping compression.
- Get that... suction.
I can't see.
She's seizing again.
Can I get some help here?
It is 100 over 65.
- Celie.
- Get to pathology.
Celie. where are you?
Get to pathology now.
Did you get everything?
Yes.
I didn't mean to kill her.
I just wanted to induce
so that we could--
It doesn't matter.
There was nothing else
I could do.
Do you need to sleep?
I can't.
Then let's get to work.
Clear.
Three. two. one. Clear.
Okay. We're in V-fib.
Go again.
Welcome back. baby.
♪ It felt more as a slowing
♪ A sudden nothing of velocity
♪ Passing from air
♪ Into water. into honey
♪ Into tar
♪ And breathing tar
does strange things ♪
♪ To one's perception of time
♪ We breathed tar
♪ As only lovers breathe tar
♪ Oh. let our limits
be smudges ♪
♪ Let our convictions
be gaseous ♪
♪ Skinless others.
oils on waters ♪
♪ Walls made up of air
♪ Made of doldrums
♪ Made of hunger
♪ Made of Aether
♪ Made of hydrogen
♪ Made of pollen
♪ And made of exhale
♪ Made of exhale
♪ Oh. let our glances
be fixless ♪
♪ Let our motion
be expansive and faint ♪
♪ We never could locate
a skin or boundary ♪
♪ There just ain't nothing
to press or be pressed by ♪
♪ There was a momentary dip
in the air pressure ♪
♪ When passing from one body
to its other ♪
♪ One body to its other
♪ We had touched
as only atmospheres touch ♪